---
ID: 2959
post_title: 四六级写作经典句型汇总 16 类
post_name: '%e5%9b%9b%e5%85%ad%e7%ba%a7%e5%86%99%e4%bd%9c%e7%bb%8f%e5%85%b8%e5%8f%a5%e5%9e%8b%e6%b1%87%e6%80%bb-16-%e7%b1%bb'
author: 小奥
post_date: 2015-05-07 11:04:42
layout: post
link: >
  http://www.yushuai.me/2015/05/07/2959.html
published: true
tags: [ ]
categories:
  - 慕课学习
---
<p><strong>1)主语从句</strong></p>
<p>It is common knowledge that honesty is the best policy.</p>
<p>It is well-known that…</p>
<p>It is self-evident/ conceivable / obvious / apparent that…</p>
<p>It goes without saying that… It is universally acknowledged th at…</p>
<p>It is / that</p>
<p><strong>2)宾(表)语从句</strong></p>
<p>We cannot understand why he was so cruel to his roommates.</p>
<p>The problem is not who will go, but who will stay.<!--more--></p>
<p><strong>3)定语从句(限定性和非限定性)</strong></p>
<p>As is shown/ demonstrated/ illustrated/ depicted/ described…i n the cartoon/ picture/ graph/ table…,</p>
<p>There are many reasons why I want to study in your universit y.</p>
<p>It is estimated that tens of billions of pounds is spent on cigaret tes every year in our country, which is a huge waste.</p>
<p><strong>4)状语从句(时间，原因，地点，条件，让步，转折等)</strong></p>
<p>When the man is enjoying the cigarette, the smoke becomes a monster (怪物) which will devour him.</p>
<p>Whatever the reason, there are still some problems with stude nt use of computers.</p>
<p><strong>5)分词短语做定语或状语</strong></p>
<p>Prof. Kang came to our university, giving us a lecture on how t o acquire English better.</p>
<p><strong>6)倒装句</strong></p>
<p>Only through these measures can we hope to solve the proble m.</p>
<p>Scattered around the globe are more than 100 small regions of isolated volcanic activity known to geologists as hot spots <a href="http://biturlz.com/dqmCkec">visit their website</a>.</p>
<p><strong>7)被动句</strong></p>
<p>Some measures should be taken to deal with the problem.</p>
<p>He is said to have accomplished a lot of great deeds.</p>
<p>Many people believe that…(It is believed that…)</p>
<p><strong>8)设问句</strong></p>
<p>Do you still remember the boy who cried wolf for several times so no one would trust him?</p>
<p><strong>9)比较</strong></p>
<p>1.The advantages far outweigh the disadvantages.</p>
<p>2.The advantages of A are much greater than those of B.</p>
<p>3.A may be preferable to B, but A suffers from the disadvantag es that&#8230;</p>
<p>4.It is reasonable to maintain that &#8230;but it would be foolish to cl aim that&#8230;</p>
<p>5.For all the disadvantages, it has its compensating advantage s.</p>
<p>6.Like anything else, it has its faults.</p>
<p>7.A and B has several points in common.</p>
<p>8.A bears some resemblances to B.</p>
<p>9.However, the same is not applicable to B.</p>
<p>10. A and B differ in several ways.</p>
<p>11. Evidently, it has both negative and positive effects.</p>
<p>12. People used to think &#8230;, but things are different now.</p>
<p>13. The same is true of B.</p>
<p>14. Wondering as A is ,it has its drawbacks.</p>
<p>15. It is true that A &#8230; , but the chief faults (obvious defects )are &#8230;</p>
<p><strong>10)原因</strong></p>
<p>1.A number of factors are accountable for this situation.</p>
<p>A number of factors might contribute to (lead to )(account for ) the phenomenon(problem).</p>
<p>2. The answer to this problem involves many factors.</p>
<p>3. The phenomenon mainly stems from the fact that&#8230;</p>
<p>4. The factors that contribute to this situation include&#8230;</p>
<p>5. The change in &#8230;largely results from the fact that&#8230;</p>
<p>6. We may blame &#8230;,but the real causes are&#8230;</p>
<p>7. Part of the explanations for it is that &#8230;</p>
<p>8. One of the most common factors (causes ) is that &#8230;</p>
<p>9. Another contributing factor (cause ) is &#8230;</p>
<p>10. Perhaps the primary factor is that …</p>
<p>11. But the fundamental cause is that &#8230;</p>
<p><strong>11)结果</strong></p>
<p>1. It may give rise to a host of problems.</p>
<p>2. The immediate result it produces is &#8230;</p>
<p>3. It will exercise a profound influence upon&#8230;</p>
<p>4. Its consequence can be so great that&#8230;</p>
<p><strong>12)批驳</strong></p>
<p>1)It is true that &#8230;, but one vital point is being left out.</p>
<p>2) There is a grain of truth in these statements, but they ignore</p>
<p>a more important fact.</p>
<p>3) Some people say &#8230;, but it does not hold water.</p>
<p>4) Many of us have been under the illusion that&#8230;</p>
<p>5) A close examination would reveal how ridiculous the statem ent is.</p>
<p>6) It makes no sense to argue for &#8230;</p>
<p>7) Too much stress placed on &#8230; may lead to &#8230;</p>
<p>8) Such a statement mainly rests on the assumption that &#8230;</p>
<p>9) Contrary to what is widely accepted, I maintain that &#8230;</p>
<p><strong>13)举例</strong></p>
<p>1) A good case in point is &#8230;</p>
<p>2) As an illustration, we may take &#8230;</p>
<p>3) Such examples might be given easily.</p>
<p>4) &#8230;is often cited as an example.</p>
<p><strong>14)证明</strong></p>
<p>1) No one can deny the fact that &#8230;</p>
<p>2) The idea is hardly supported by facts.</p>
<p>3) Unfortunately, none of the available data shows &#8230;</p>
<p>4) Recent studies indicate that &#8230;</p>
<p>5) There is sufficient evidence to show that &#8230;</p>
<p>6) According to statistics proved by &#8230;, it can be seen that &#8230;</p>
<p><strong>15)开篇</strong></p>
<p>1) Many nations have been faced with the problem of &#8230;</p>
<p>2) Recently the problem has been brought into focus.</p>
<p>3) Recently the phenomenon has become a heated topic.</p>
<p>4) Recently the issue has aroused great concern among &#8230;</p>
<p>5) Nowadays there is a growing concern over &#8230;</p>
<p>6) Never in our history has the idea that &#8230; been so popular.</p>
<p>7) Faced with &#8230;, quite a few people argue that &#8230;</p>
<p>8) According to a recent survey, &#8230;</p>
<p>9) With the rapid development of &#8230;, &#8230;</p>
<p><strong>16)结尾</strong></p>
<p>1) From what has been discussed above, we can draw the conc lusion that &#8230;</p>
<p>2) It is high time that strict measures were taken to stop &#8230;</p>
<p>3) It is necessary that steps should be taken to &#8230;</p>
<p>4) In conclusion, it is imperative that &#8230;</p>
<p>5) There is no easy method, but &#8230;might be of some help.</p>
<p>6) To solve the above-mentioned problem, we must &#8230;</p>
<p>7) In summary, if we continue to ignore the above-mentioned i ssue, more problems will crop up.</p>
<p>8) With the efforts of all parts concerned, the problem will be s olved thoroughly.</p>
<p>9) We might do more than identify the cause ; it is important to take actions to &#8230;</p>
<p>10) Taking all these into account, we &#8230;</p>
<p>11) Whether it is good or not /positive or negative, one thing is certain/clear&#8230;</p>
